Update changelogs for Docker Desktop edge 2.4.2.0 (#11550)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-for-mac/edge-release-notes.md

For information about Stable releases, see the [Stable release notes](release-notes.md). For Docker Desktop system requirements, see
[What to know before you install](install.md#what-to-know-before-you-install).

## Docker Desktop Community 2.4.2.0
2020-10-15

### Upgrades

- [Docker Engine 20.10.0 beta1](https://github.com/docker/docker-ce/blob/0fc7084265b3786a5867ec311d3f916af7bf7a23/CHANGELOG.md)
- [Docker Compose CLI - 0.1.22](https://github.com/docker/compose-cli/releases/tag/v0.1.22)
- [Linux kernel 5.4.39](https://hub.docker.com/layers/linuxkit/kernel/5.4.39-f39f83d0d475b274938c86eaa796022bfc7063d2/images/sha256-8614670219aca0bb276d4749e479591b60cd348abc770ac9ecd09ee4c1575405?context=explore).
- [Kubernetes 1.19.2](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/tag/v1.19.2)
- [Go 1.15.2](https://github.com/golang/go/issues?q=milestone:Go1.15.2+label:CherryPickApproved)

### Bug fixes and minor changes

> - When sharing Linux directories (`/var`, `/bin` etc) with containers, avoid watching paths in the host filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When sharing Linux directories (`/var`, `/bin`, etc) with containers, Docker Desktop avoids watching paths in the host file system.
```

> - When sharing a file into a container (e.g. `docker run -v ~/.gitconfig`) don't watch the parent directory. Fixes [docker/for-mac#4981](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4981).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When sharing a file into a container (e.g. `docker run -v ~/.gitconfig`), Docker Desktop does not watch the parent directory. Fixes [docker/for-mac#4981](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4981).
```

- gRPC FUSE: fix `chown` when the file is read-only. Fixes `rabbitmq`, see [docker/for-mac#4964](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4964).
- gRPC FUSE: generate `ATTRIB` inotify events as well as `MODIFY`. Fixes [docker/for-mac#4962](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4962).

> - gRPC FUSE: return `EOPNOTSUPP` from `fallocate` for unsupported modes. This fixes `minio`, see [docker/for-mac#4964](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4964).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- gRPC FUSE: return `EOPNOTSUPP` from `fallocate` for unsupported modes. Fixes `minio`. See [docker/for-mac#4964](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4964).
```

> - Fix NFS mounting, see [docker/for-mac#4958](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4958).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue related to NFS mounting. See [docker/for-mac#4958](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4958).
```

> - Always flush filesystem caches synchronously on container start. See [docker/for-mac#4943](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4943).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always flush file system caches synchronously on container start. See [docker/for-mac#4943](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4943).
```

- Allow symlinks to point outside of shared volumes. Fixes [docker/for-mac#4862](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4862).

> - Diagnostics: avoid hanging when Kubernetes is in a broken state.

Reviewer: Do we have a related ticket for this issue?

Author: Not a public one
